{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green13\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7451\c6275\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Domain:
\f1\b0 \'a0 Hospitality\'a0 \'a0 \'a0 \'a0
\f0\b Function:
\f1\b0 \'a0Revenue\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 AtliQ Grands owns multiple five-star hotels across India. They have been in the hospitality industry for the past 20 years. Due to strategic moves from other competitors and ineffective decision-making in management, AtliQ Grands are losing its market share and revenue in the luxury/business hotels category. As a strategic move, the managing director of AtliQ Grands wanted to incorporate \'93Business and Data Intelligence\'94 to regain their market share and revenue. However, they do not have an in-house data analytics team to provide them with these insights.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Their revenue management team had decided to hire a 3rd party service provider to provide them with insights from their historical data.\

\f0\b Task:
\f1\b0 \'a0\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 You are a data analyst who has been provided with sample data and a mock-up dashboard to work on the following task. You can download all relevant documents from the download section.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create the metrics according to the metric list.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a dashboard according to the mock-up provided by stakeholders.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create relevant insights that are not provided in the metric list/mock-up dashboard.\cb1 \
}